Add wiz kubernetes connector helm chart (#59)
wiz-sec/charts: wiz-kubernetes-connector/templates/NOTES.txt

{{- if not .Values.autoCreateConnector.enabled }}

> 0. Install service account with read permission using .Values.clusterReader.installRbac flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. Install a service account with read permissions using .Values.clusterReader.installRbac flag
```

1. Get the service account connector properties by running these commands:
   SECRET_NAME=$(kubectl get serviceaccount "{{ .Values.clusterReader.serviceAccount.name }}" -n "{{ .Values.namespace }}" -o jsonpath="{.secrets[0].name}")
   echo "Service account CA certificate:"
   kubectl get secrets -n "{{ .Values.namespace }}" "$SECRET_NAME" -o go-template='{{ "{{" }} index .data "ca.crt" }}'
   echo "\nService account token:"
   kubectl get secrets -n "{{ .Values.namespace }}" "$SECRET_NAME" -o go-template="{{ "{{" }} .data.token | base64decode }}"

> 2. Create Wiz kubernetes connector using web portal or Wiz Terraform provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a Wiz Kubernetes connector using the web portal or the Wiz Terraform provider
```
